Welcome to the Destiny Church Tees Valley website, web applications and services (“Destiny Church sites”). By continuing to use Destiny Church sites offered by Destiny Church Tees Valley (“Destiny Church”, “we” or “us”)., whether as a guest or a registered user, you accept and agree to be bound by the following Terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern The Destiny Church’s relationship with you in relation to this website.

Permitted and Unpermitted Use
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
You may freely link to this website from other websites, newsgroups and email.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
You will not use Destiny Church Sites,

In any way that violates any local or international law or regulation;
for the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise;
to impersonate or attempt to impersonate any company or person, including Destiny Church or;
to engage in any other conduct which, as determined by us, may harm Destiny Church or others;
in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair Desitny Church sites or interfere with any other person’s use of the same;
to introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful;
to attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of Destiny Church sites or any server, computer or database connected to Destiny Church sites;
to attack Destiny Church sites via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack; and
otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of Destiny Church sites.
Copyright Infringement 
If you believe that any content provided on any Destiny Church site violates your copyright or other rights, please contact our administrative team at  Destiny Centre, 395 Norton Road, Stockton-on-Tees, TS20 2QQ or admin@destinytees.uk

Disclaimer
The information contained within Destiny Sites is for general information purposes only. Whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.

In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of Destiny Church sites.

Through Destiny Church sites you can link to other websites which are not under the control of Destiny Church. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.

Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, we take no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.

Your Comments and Concerns
Destiny Church sites are operated by Destiny Church Tees Valley. All feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to Destiny Church sites should be directed to;

Destiny Church Support
Destiny Church Tees Valley
395 Norton Road, Norton,
Stockton-on-Tees TS20 2QQ
admin@destinytees.uk
+44 (0) 164 2 559 797